welcome back to the 2015 World Series a
cornhole on the watch ESPN app brought
to you by natty light natty light you
can't taste the difference when you're
black down I'm trip parsons and i'm here
with four-time world champion boom make
strength gonna be here trip nice to see
your buddy boomers magnificent cornwall
career was tragically cut short last
year when he joined Alcoholics Anonymous
it is the past and I'm just happy to be
at the game we've been here since 10
a.m. and we've reached the finals
between at stick it up your cornhole
made up of alpha beta five brothers Joe
Donnelly and can't Reagan they're
holding on to an early lead against the
Cinderella story that is team three kind
of a shitty nangal can't disagree with
you there team three is made up of
cousins Emily and Eric tanner emily is
approaching for her shot it was a full
house of those cities yes it is she
shoots she scores and then during the
standard Tanner celebration China
no you never want to see that you got to
wonder if she's gonna be able to go on
for the rest of the game you're the kid
playing boomer you people don't even
know this man is a legend one year he's
doing a 30 pack Wow horse tranquilizers
and then they went out and won a court
old championship at the end of the day
he still drove his wife to the hospital
to deliver the fourth baby it was a very
unnecessary amount of information about
my life and I by the way we are divorced
now good fuck the bitch oh look he's
getting ready for a shot you used to be
so cool man hey watch me throw be bag
asshole the riff none too pleased
they're using some salty language their
entire is kind of a dick I was a full
beer who Eric tanner is not taking it
well a boomin do you want a water or
something I feel weird if you're not
drinking really I'm fine I know I just I
feel like you're judging me oh look it's
sticking up your cornholes toss it looks
like Chad Reagan has something to say
about old Joe Donnelly's technique make
a fucking shot I'm gonna make a shot
dude I've been carrying you a fucking
day make a goddamn shot carrying my
balls now you're doing it wrong bro dude
fucking your dick you're cool bro you
think you're cool unfortunately for
sticking up your corn hole that will
count as a toss they technically through
the bag it looks like chad is quitting
in the middle of finals they're gonna
need a guest shooter from here on out
let's go to our sideline correspondent
Tricia Jay hey guys hey boo me hey Trish
how do you think this fight will affect
the rest of the game you a sha with me I
don't drink anymore no you do a body
shot and then it doesn't count that
would absolutely Kemp know you guys know
it's off my body boomer take a shot and
then Trish will take a shirt off right
shut up trip you're always trying to
seem right oh don't
you're not gonna take your shirt off you
do it everything this time you can't
look look I'm not going to take a shot
with you and I'd appreciate if you kept
your shirt on eyes gay now looks like
Chad Reagan isn't going to Disneyland
he's going downtown to sleep it off you
have no idea who my dad is you were
fucked buddy I'm gonna take your fucking
job and your wife good thing his grand
powers president over shut the fuck up
ah a fool beats back to the Tanners for
the chance to win this game cousins look
focus boom yeah Emily Tanner's been on a
hot streak all day boomer I really
should just have one drink with me man
it's like we're not even friends anymore
we're still friends trip yeah don't you
suck now I got you a bottle water that
is a bottle of vodka hey this is good
here try this one that's another bottle
of vodka no ice water promise I really
wish you'd stop doing this I just want
my friend back oh look Emily Tanner she
shoots she scores it's over folks t3's
one
cornhole the number of cousins are they
they are first cousins definitely first
cousin I guess there are sort of caught
up in the emotion of the moment the next
barbecue is gonna be really quiet and
here comes Santa and he is not happy
with his name that's up for the 2015
World Series of cornhole brought to you
by a nanny light nanny life the official
beer of date rape Jesus Christ on the
fucking cross getting it out of here